e
good morning folks hope you're doing
well if you would be so kind if if you
can hear me I'm not sure you can if you
can hear me let me know let me know on
Twitter just tweet at me and say we hear
you old
man 5 by five will be sufficient as
well can you hear
me all right Chris thank you so much see
if I can get a couple more people just
to confirm
it thank you Jasmine Eduardo thank you
all right so we are looking
at
the NASDAQ here
um give me a moment I
apologize just want to make sure I
mention the right report that's coming
out at 10: a.m. we have the revised
consumer sentiment data so it's medium
impact driver uh this morning we had cor
durable goods orders and uh that gave us
a little bit of a pre-market rally back
up into new week opening Gap and then it
went a little bit higher than that
obviously now I want to take you over to
uh 15-minute chart real quick and I'll
let you see what I'm looking
for I mentioned the other day on Twitter
where they called X now um we had this
big drop down here on Wednesday so
Thursday I tried to kind of calibrate
your attention and focus on looking at
the relative equal highs we have
relative equal highs here we just clear
those we have these two here and this
one here so I like the idea of getting
up to
680 um it may use the data at 10 o' to
go through that we've been fighting the
uh the impulse of nature that you know
you know most Traders want to pick the
tops in Bull markets I know I tried to
do that um you not technically I was
afraid that a high was forming when I
first started trading and uh that would
usually keep me from taking trades when
I was first starting out thinking it
couldn't go any higher it's at all-time
highs it can't go any higher and it just
kept going going higher
so uh because it's the next election
year and because it is a a year that um
oh my goodness I'm deal supposed to I'm
supposed to hide that kind of stuff
paper trading There Goes My Reputation
all right so um we're looking for
reasons to see the price go
higher and because it's an election year
they're going to pump up and froth up
the uh the stock market because the
Public's perspective is that the stock
market equates to the economy and that
is not a true statement okay it's a big
Casino we're all in here doing things
you know that has absolutely no bearing
on what the outcome is going to be for
our economy the stock market can keep
going up just look at Venezuela you
years and years ago used to be the
richest country in South America and
lavish and their stock market kept going
up while they were going down in
hyperinflation so um we're probably
gonna see the same stuff here I
mentioned that in 2016 United States is
heading to Venezuela 2.0 just look
around around you see
it so
and what we're watching for
is what we get at 10 o'clock okay so the
first five or 10 minutes worst case
scenario 15 minutes um we'll see what we
get in regards to price
delivery I would not want to take a
silver bullet trade uh Cameron's model I
would not want to take that until after
a few minutes
um the 10 o'clock Med impact news driver
because they use these these types of
data points to mask or smoke screen
their real intentions and it's usually
perceived as well this is what uh the
market does you know the market uses
buying and selling pressure and it's
certain not that but uh we'll we'll be
studying these two price levels
here and again I'll go back and take a
look at the uh
the tweets I posted the yesterday
telling you to you keep your focus on
the things that were smooth and left
remaining above the marketplace after we
had Thursday's decline so admittedly I
was working with my private group
yesterday I'm going to job in a little
bit until we get to 10 o'clock because
there's really nothing for me to talk
about right now so I just want to give
you a little bit
of backstory yesterday I was working
with my private mentorship students and
no you cannot join it and no I don't
give signals and no I don't teach them
any special videos or lectures this we
all hang out and sometimes I'll I'll
call Price you with them live and I was
doing it audibly that means I was
recording my voice and sending those
little Clips to them real time and it's
a lot easier for me to do that than to
just you know type out and all the
individual user groups so when I do that
there's no recording okay uh you would
have never known yesterday that I took
two losing trades had I not made that
public uh but they were watching ing me
uh they heard me explain what I was
looking for and I was using many of the
same PD arays I used yesterday in the
mitigation of those two losses so The
First losing trade I I took was a $1,200
loss which was my normal full position
size uh which isn't much in terms of
handle movement against me but it still
nonetheless it's a loss and then I took
a smaller leverage position because of
the loss and I got burned for $800 on
that so total $2,000 less Comm missions
so I had to work to get that back now I
told them admittedly I said you know for
them because it was a morning session
after a large range day on the daily
chart let's take a quick look at that
daily chart real
quick you know the protocol if you're
very very new in
trading uh you want to try to stay away
from the morning session after a large
range day and I I get the question a lot
as to what constitutes a large range day
how do we how we like determine what
that is what is it what is it measured
against what makes it a large range day
versus you just picking at a title and
just applying it to that well if you
look at what we've had we've had let me
get this off
here here's Thursday here's today's
Friday's trading and Thursday look how
much larger this is in relationship to
the last several days okay um I like the
last three days and it's usually a
repeating theme in my Concepts
whatever the range average is over the
last three days if it's larger than that
then we're outside of the normal
three-day range now you can have a large
expansion day inside those last three
days and it may skew the data but over
time when you start to see the three-day
average start to compress and go smaller
and smaller and smaller uh I got this
idea so that way for the folks that like
to you try to say I I rebranded
something or or took somebody else's
stuff and applied a new name to it
that's really not what's going on but
everybody else is doing that with my
stuff U I bought a book in 1995 it was
called Street smarts by Linda rash and
Larry Connors and they talked a lot
about what Toby Kel mentioned in his day
trading book and it has to do with the
smallest Range in the last seven days
okay so I got really interested in that
idea of looking for some compression
where the market starts to get smaller
and smaller and smaller and when the
market gets it's really really quiet I
wasn't able to observe this until I
heard Larry Williams describe it in one
of his keynote speaking uh Ventures
where he talked about short-term trading
and day trading and one of the things
that is a precursor to large ranges is
an inside day okay an inside day is what
we have here here's Thursday's trading
and I want you to take a look at what I
mean by that we
have I have time
there it
is you missed me haven't you I know you
have I know you have the old man knows
all right so here's Thursday's range but
now notice
also Thursday's range is inside of
Wednesday's range which is here now this
is not this is not my
uh this is not my work it's just
something that uh I learned from Toby
krael and uh L asash Larry Connor's book
and the ideas were further helpful to me
when I applied what Larry Williams was
talking
about specifically uh range uh
contraction and the idea of looking for
the market to get into these small
little ranges
and
here when the ranges get smaller or if
they get relatively smaller than they
have been over a predetermined number of
days or periods um Toby had this idea
that the smallest Range in the last
seven
days usually is a precursor to something
and without stealing the Thunder from
his book and you can get it off Amazon
it's it's not the original book I had
the original book it's very very
expensive um you're can pay a lot of
money for it but you can get like a a
really poor
photocopied addition of it but you're
still going to get things though so I
have both I have I have the one that
sold on Amazon and I have the actual
original first print so you can see we
cleared that the initial buy side there
but real quick let me get into here's uh
here's Wednesday's trading the high of
Wednesday in the low of Wednesday and
then Thursday we had this smaller little
range inside of it so the low of
yesterday or Thursday was higher than
Wednesday's low and the high was lower
than the previous day's high so this is
referred to as an inside day
now if you look for this type of thing
to
form it usually will set off
a let's put this way there's a lot of
traders that are using
volatility and filtering when the market
is more likely to or more prone to
create these expansion moves um it
doesn't give you Direction Just because
it creates an inside day you have to
have some kind of measure of high time
frame order flow understanding where the
trend is you know where it's going to go
or as I teach it the draw on liquidity
so on Thursday I talked about how your
focus should be on where the things are
left smooth okay so relative equal highs
so but if you want to use how I use it I
look over the last three days and when
ranges start to compress below the
average of the last three days I I kind
of get excited about that because I know
I have a large range candidate forming
but after a large range day I've taught
you that you want to try to avoid the
morning session now me being ICT and
doing ICT things I like to go out here
and to share with my students and and do
things that the average bear can well
the average bear and I were in the same
category yesterday I tried to do
something that wasn't able to pan out in
my favor for the first two times in the
morning
session now I told my students I said
now they they should sit still and just
go home with the L go home with the you
know the draw down and just eat it and
come back the next day and try to
recuperated but because I'm who I am and
I I just don't I don't like that
Excellence is my destination and I'm
always puring it so I I went in and
obviously I mitigated that so and then
came back with
$1,000 day which I know that kind of
stinks for but
the 15 minute time frame we'll drop back
into that real
quick you can see how we had Thursdays
drop down and Retail was all over just
thinking okay we've topped it's over the
Market's going to go in bears are in you
know that type rhetoric and then we had
this really really difficult morning
session we didn't have sustained price
runs it's a lot of give and take back
and forth a lot of scribbling okay
imagine your 5-year-old with a crayon
for the first time and they're they're
look you know they're looking at your
budget reviews that you're using for
your work presentation and they color
all over top of it this is kind of like
what it looks like where it's back and
forth back and forth it's very very
fuzzy okay this is why I refer to as
fuzzy price action and the only reason
why I came with that term is because I
was trying to teach my kids Young
and it just stuck okay so it's it's
that's my highly
technical layman
term the
uh this High here is a little bit higher
than that one but nonetheless my my
focus has been here and on Thursday I
was prompting to go back through your
charts and look at anything that was
relatively smooth in terms of highs
retail would see that as plastic area to
Def fend any short positions and I'm
quite sure larger funds have positions
that stops that and we're really getting
close to doing that now we are at the 10
o'clock
time how we use the consequent
encouragement of the new week opening
Gap I think you probably would never
known that was likely to occur if this
guy on the internet did come out and
talk about so here's our run on those
okay and now we'll we'll sit and wait
for a few minutes and see what it wants
to do now uh we have a huge
gap trading
hours right here this is beautiful that
like that's my favorite type of range
amount for looking for Gap ideas but
because we have Friday
that's trading day of the week because
we have had a disruption on Wednesday
where traded made the low of the week
and then we had Thursday inside day then
we have what we have a candidate for
Friday being a large range day with my
prompting on Thursday saying that your
focus shouldn't be on going lower
because we already had the sell off
retails already expecting all that so
they're going to use Friday to do their
run on unfinished business unfinished
business is the orders up above the 659
and a quarter and the higher level that
I can't see because this
candles is that 680 okay so 680 level so
that buy side both both levels of buy
side have been engaged
now I'm not suggesting or trying to make
the case that it would want to come all
the way back down into the Gap these are
this is a day where I would say okay
this is probably going to be a day where
we leave the Gap intact and not even try
to go back to it it can have a retrace M
but because we're in a primary bull
market we're in an election year and
we're just literally less than two weeks
away from the election if you believe it
the
uh the probabilities of going back down
to that Gap based on what we're seeing
here
is not as high as it would be if it were
like in this area
here and whenever you have a opening Gap
like this on a Friday after a large
range day then created a subsequent on
Thursday smaller range day all based on
a daily chart that compression that
small tightening up it's kind of like a
spring okay I'm going to borrow the term
actually like your Willams used it's
kind of like taking a spring a metal
spring and twisting it Tighter and
Tighter and Tighter until you can't
compress it anymore and then when you
let go of it and just throw it away it
just it Springs like just it's a lot of
Animation it doesn't just move a little
bit it's bouncing all over the place and
it's moving around a lot well that's
what small range days or inside days
create it creates that probability that
you're going to get a large range day
now a large range
day has the benefit of having very
repeating
characteristics and I'll show you what I
mean by that real
quick and I'm trying to draw a rather
crude depiction
a open high low close bar would look
like
on a daily chart okay so now imagine we
had the Thursday small range on the
daily chart and this is hypothetically a
daily Candlestick and then you have
Thursdays small range day and then not
the scale
but
Wednesdays larger range okay okay so we
have Wednesday's daily Candlestick or or
bar then Thursday's smaller which is
it's higher low than Wednesdays and
lower high than Wednesdays respectively
and then we have Thursday closing with a
small range day and then Friday we have
all this buy side up here that has not
been engaged after Thursday it's went
lower smashed everybody's expectation of
continuation now everybody is tricked
into thinking the Market's going to go
what lower so because we have the
probabilities of seeing a and I
apologize if you hear a noise in the
background like this vibration my
neighbor is having trees cut down so I
had to deal with that yesterday so in a
way I was kind of glad I couldn't
actually live stream but today if you
hear it just know that it's something I
can't avoid there's a lot of big trucks
out there cutting down rather large
trees so the uh Friday large range day
we solved the issue of Direction because
of my prompting on Thursday telling you
to look at where everything is left in
your charts where they're smooth
relative equal highs and I'll cycle
through in a lower time frame and show
you a couple setups that happened
pre-market and overnight and in Asia
last night using that same idea but for
Friday because we're expecting the large
range day expansion to occur the
direction is solved by looking where is
the market leaving smooth highs or
smooth lows well we had Wednesdays drop
down that shift in sentiment that means
retail is looking for lower prices go
back to and revert back to higher time
frame macro perspective which is it's an
election year so they're going to keep
trying to push this monkey higher on the
tree and then what happens after
November 5th you know who knows you know
does it does it stay higher on another
limb or does it fall like a coconut and
and then we'll see what we get but
here the idea is that the large range
day which
will usually occur after the the small
inside
day whenever it's a small inside day
it's either the very next day or worst
case scenario the second day after well
you can't do that here on Friday because
we don't trade on
Saturday so what are they going to do
they're going to rush they're going to
rush right at the opening bell and you
see that happening here the open is the
low of of the day thus far so what are
they doing they're rushing to get the
market up here who is they the algorithm
it's it's just simply running really
really quick to get to that level here
because it doesn't want to offer the
opportunity for any individuals to have
their stops up there that have been
holding short looking for Wednesday's
continuation on Thursday but didn't
happen and then Friday here it is they
run real quick for
them that sudden one directional
run is going after that liquidity so
they can't pull their
orders the Direction's going to be
bullish as I indicated on Thursday's
tweets I told you to focus where the
Market's
smooth and one of the things I learned
from Larry Williams
is on a large range
days on large range
days if it's bullish the open is going
to be very very low on The Daily range
okay and I know that it's going to be in
the lower quarter of whatever the daily
range would be so let's let's do some
math on that a little bit rough math if
we know we're opening it at
9:30 and we're going to view this it's
not technically the daily open but I
look at sessions the same way I would
look at a daily Candlestick for me the
morning session the high and the low
where we start and where we stop I look
at it in this perspective this is power
three so I'm looking for the opening
when I'm bullish and I want to see
manipulation that's the drop down
because if I'm bullish I want to see
some opposing Direction that's the Judi
swing that's manipulation and then the
accumulation below the opening price or
just above it when it comes back down
and touch it again it doesn't not need
to come back and touch it but if it does
that's all part of the accumulation
phase and then you have the profit
releas release portion of the run then
you go to the Target which would be the
liquidity or some higher time
frame PD aray that's these two levels
here so the market trades up into them
and again these levels
this is not to scale but it's just the
idea of Thursday was a small range
inside day and then Friday bullish the
open's going to be near the low of the
day it's actually the low of the day
here if we're looking at the morning
session but if you look at it through
the lens of overnight and at
midnight there's midnight it creates the
opening
here yeah like
this there's your opening price here's
the low of the day right there so this
line right here think about this crude
depiction of a hypothetical daily
Candlestick open high low and close bar
that opening price is
this this drop down is this little tail
that's making the low of the day
and then the market trades higher it can
it doesn't always but it can come back
and use that same opening
price what is it doing there trading
right to that opening price hits it then
it consolidates what's it doing it's
accumulating it's accumulating all
around that opening price it creates the
first drop down that's where smart
money's going to buy I spent my first
few years trying to decipher this
mystery because that was the weakness
that Larry Williams admitted at the time
when I was studying everything he ever
had he said that he wished he knew the
zip code of all the traders that would
knew how to buy below the opening price
okay that was like a fous statement that
you know he admitted his weakness so he
would always do what he would be buying
some portion of the previous range or or
an average of of average daily range and
take 20% of that range and add it to the
opening price and then he'd be buying up
here that I tried that and it hurt me I
every time I tried to use that kind of
stuff I lost money I'm not saying that
he has stuff that doesn't work or he
didn't make money with it I'm just
saying that because I was not able to be
consistently following every time of
doing it I will admit to you that the
losses were heavy and when they hurt I
would be afraid to take the next trade
so I'm not going to [__] on him and say
his stuff didn't work I just wasn't able
to weather the the draw down that it
brought with it so because he said he
couldn't figure out how to be buying
bullet opening price I went back to
simply saying okay well you have a lot
of the points already figured out Toby
Crable he brought up some things the
narrowing of the range and the narrow
was strange in the last seven days when
it creates that he was a breakout artist
he would buy on a breakout above or sell
on a breakout below I was never
interested in doing that because that's
synonymous what Larry Williams was doing
then when I first started
1992 so because it hurt me bu buying
with a portion of the last 5 days
average day range and then taking 20% of
the average day range if I'm bullish or
if Larry Williams was bullish he would
add that to that opening price there
well he would actually build here on
that opening price but because I was
looking at the daily range and I was
trying to figure out how I could
facilitate a model that would be buying
below the opening price in days that
would create this type of
scenario I just went back to time when
does the day start
midnight so at midnight I'm going to
look for something that drops down I
don't want to chase that because I don't
want to be a short seller I Didn't Trust
Short Selling I didn't know how to do it
when I first started so I just let it
drop down and then when it gave me a
bullish Divergence on the stochastics
and then I had a histogram on the macd
that was my filter sometimes they didn't
agree sometimes I missed moves and then
I'd had to chase price back in the 1990s
I was I was afraid I'd miss that because
I would think just like most of you
would you would think oh I'm missing the
only up close day with a big range when
they're going to repeat in the future
but because I was first now f fling out
these ideas into models that I would use
and apply with real money the The Fear
Factor was too large for me to uh to do
a lot of things that I'm comfortable now
but the point is is when you have a
large AG day
expected Larry brought a a really
amazing observation that I didn't notice
and I was looking at charts a lot before
him you know not before him but before
getting into his
material I never noticed that the
opening would be near the low of bullish
days it was just completely I I didn't
know about it I didn't pay attention to
it they never drew my attention to it no
one never called any special attention
to it but because his material talked
about that I was like wow you as a day
trader like that's a that's a superpower
like that's literally like one of the
the wonderful advantages if you're a
short-term Trader or a day trader um you
want to try to focus in on days when
it's likely to start a price run like
this where everything is in your favor
that it's going to go One Direction find
the opening price at midnight and then
anything below that price as it drops
down if it agrees with other factors
that would constitute a trade then it
goes without saying that you have a high
probability that you're going to be
entering below the opening price where
and when smart money would accumulate
their long positions and just know if we
have an economic calendar like we had
this morning where we had 8:30 two news
drivers and and I don't recall off the
top of my head what they were give me a
second I don't want to say something
that wasn't accurate 8:30 we had core
durable goods
orders and again that's a medium impact
news driver you can find this
information on forexfactory.com calendar
or Econo day Econo day and they're both
free resources but then we had another
news driver at 10 o'clock so we had a
split notice that we had 8:30 news and
then we had 10:00 news so you got to be
real careful on days to have that split
news delivery because sometimes it can
create like a catapult Type move where
or Whiplash where it sends the market
One Direction not the data but the
algorithm will use that data and trip
Traders up and they'll use the first set
of data at 830 kind of like a fomc where
the first run is the fake run and then
at 2:30 during the conference at fomc
the real run takes place and it it's
much larger in the opposite direction
well sometimes when you have split
delivery on the economic calendar 8 :30
and 10:00 news like that it can create
those scenarios but you can filter that
out on days and circumstances like today
where we
had the bias was bullish I shared that
with you yesterday on Twitter I said
keep your eyes on focused on the smooth
highs that's your bias that's me Point
look up in other words don't look go
short look up
and when we're looking for the last
trading day of the week
to go for that Target or these targets
that we had outlined
here that means that they're going to
use the opening bell and even though
there might be a large gap here even
though that there's a 70% likelihood
that it trades the mid
Gap these are the circumstances and
these are the types of days where it's
going to say not
today not today so it's in a hurry it's
a rush to get up there and get to that
information there or not information but
that liquidity
so what I'm suggesting to you is
this if you were aware of these types of
things I covered a lot of this stuff in
mentorship I tght about it in you know
topical studies before I started doing
paid mentorships in 2016 I will never
ever ever ever do another paid
mentorship so for the people that are
pretending to be me on other social
medias I'm not trying to get you to buy
into a new mentorship I'm never doing
that again I'm officially retired I'm
never doing that I don't need your money
I'm doing this for free I don't care
okay I don't want to do it anymore it's
too much work it's a job I don't want
that so but you can find all my lecture
notes and stuff for my mentorship and
it's the stuff that you'd be paying for
if I was doing a mentorship so why would
you want to why would you want to pay me
for something I've already shared
publicly I guess people just want to be
part of the clue right now I'm I'm I'm
trained by fifu huddles like that means
anything I'm just a guy so take the
crude depiction off here
and if we knew
that
the 10:30 to 11:30 hour that usually
creates
the the inate term higher low of the
morning session and then it
invites the lunch macro to Define where
the order flow is going to be during
that 2hour period between 11:00 and 1:00
or specifically 11:30 to 1:30
okay so lunch for New York is between
11:30 a.m. eastern time to 1:30 p.m.
eastern
time the way that would unfold here is
let's just say play that was advocate
for a moment I'm going to be with you
till 10:45 right so that way we know
what's going on but at 10:30 let's say
it is 10:30 right now it's not we have
11 minutes or so to go what would happen
is it would start
Computing Computing computing I was
going to say
computating we'll say that the algorithm
will computate the Range High and the
range low and then it'll Define where
midpoint is for equilibrium and then
below that equilibrium price point at
10:30 then it'll start looking for sell
side and the lunch macro is always going
to run on those that are profitable
that's what it does okay that's exactly
what it does so sometimes it'll go go
down and just take the first pool of
liquidity and then it'll consolidate in
the rest of the day and go no lower and
make no new high other instances where
it'll trade down trade into the trail
stop losses and then once it triggers
that cell side then it'll accumulate and
start running higher and keep going in
the rest of the day until the last
portion of the day and close the week
out strong on this
High I believe that that is likely to
occur
today meaning that if we stop say you a
session Trader there's nothing wrong
with you being done for the day if you
were already long and you've you've
traded up to here or if you took profits
early and you weren't able to see this
or W weren't aware of it if you are in a
flat position right now you're not in
the trades anymore you're flat or you
haven't taken a trade this is a
wonderful instance where you can sit
still and say you know what I'm content
for this week I'm done now everybody
else out there with courses to sell and
Signal Services they're gonna say oh
well I said look he said he's done
trading but he they're going to show you
20 other trades the rest of the day
filter out the times they didn't work
where they didn't make money and they're
going to show you the combines or the
funded accounts that made them money
that day okay I'm being transparent I'm
being honest I'm telling you okay you
didn't know that I took two losing
trades yesterday unless you were a part
of my group you never would have known
that but because I said if I have them I
will tell you about them they weren't
recorded but they were outlined audibly
just like I'm talking right now I didn't
put any kind of charts up and point to
anything I just say okay watch this one
minute Candlestick at 1054 watch this
fair value Gap I want to see this become
an inversion fair value capap and the
first time I used it it slipped through
it and I okay well I got burned on that
one
so because I'm staying with the idea
that I shared with you all on Thursday
that start looking for smooth highs that
means my bias is bullish it's been
bullish so I'm not going to abandon
that narrative I'm going to sit still
and wait when the market starts to shift
in my favor again wonderful I'm going to
use those same PD arrays they're not
stale okay I don't trade supply and
demand okay we don't always look at the
the first uh run into a Zone I don't
trade zones it's [__] I'm looking
for PD array that the algorithm is gonna
go right back to and you watch me
execute on those things yesterday yeah I
used a 5-second charges to twist a knife
on some guy that works on a campus as a
police officer or potenti a police
officer to say it that
way so buying near the low when it's
bullish and it's a large range day okay
um it affords you a lot
of
comfort patience now it doesn't mean
you're going to have patience in the
beginning because it's going to be easy
for you to want like if you were along
let's go into uh regular trading or now
we going electron trading hours let's go
back into that midnight time
and here is midnight
rate am I
do right there so at that point at
midnight
on Friday we're looking at
what the market consolidating it's part
of a larger
consolidation but it's during a period
of time when the Market's likely to do
what rally higher move higher trade
higher so if we're looking for that
range expansion that big explosive price
room run that is occurring because
Thursday was an inside day our biases
determined bullish we're expecting two
uh news drivers at 8:30 and at 10:00 so
we have split delivery on the calendar
so normally that would create a back and
forth and then after the final 10
o'clock news is released then the real
price runs for daily Candlestick range
is delivered not today because it's the
last trading day of the week we have
unfinished business up here with draw on
that liquidity so by looking at
that at midnight
opening price drop down it trades back
above it trades back down into the
opening price here
rallies accumulates accumulates 3:00
a.m. what time is 3:00
a.m. that's the heart of London session
so we would what expect the market to do
what create some kind of a displacement
does it rally higher yes does it go
above a short-term High yes then the
market drops back down what is it
trading back down into an order
block does it take the low out no does
it rally again yes volume
balance
inefficiency inversion fair value Gap
all of that's being clustered all in
that same area right there consolidation
cons consolidation and then finally at
330 rips trades higher takes
higher runs higher to 4 o'clock in the
morning trades all the way back down
into the middle of the consolidation in
here what's the bias what are we looking
for higher prices so anytime the market
trades back down into a discount PD
array mid-range or equilibrium like we
see here
years and years ago in 2012 2013
2014 I was doing just top topical
studies where I would talk about things
that were just very gerine to one
principle one little thing and they were
like my little breadcrumbs to see if I
can accumulate some kind of an interest
and and people wanted to learn what it
is I was trying to share and they were
very popular back then and I I don't
have them on my channel anymore and I'm
I've already taken down a couple other
YouTube channels that have put them up
because we're trying to monetize my
stuff you don't have my permission and
that three other channels are about to
come down tonight too um because they're
taking my mentorship videos that I'm
doing here and my live streams and
they're putting them in their local
language I do not give you permission to
do that so you're going to get a wave of
copyright strikes and you're you're done
and I don't take them back so don't ask
me in an email and you can send me all
the nasty grams you want and you're
going to change it
but all those things that I did topical
studies they're all wrapped up in the
things in the
lectures it's all built in anyway so if
you're really trying to learn and study
you're going to see all that stuff but
if you're looking at how price delivers
continuously higher and
then at 7 o'clock in the
morning we have the am session
starting so what do we have here smooth
highs so what's resting above that by
Side Market rallies up trades up to and
through the buy side and then comes back
down into this inefficiency here
if it's two inefficiencies think about
what I taught for model
2022 this is the one you want to try to
trade in but your stop has to respect
the second fair value Gap so you can see
it drops down into it
here but then still goes
higher balance plus b balance efficiency
a nice PD conflation conflation I'm
making my own words up
today
Confluence in agreement to two PD arrays
in a discount trades down to here
rallies once
more and
then this is
uh 15 second I was defining the range
there which I have to go
out to do that here
second all right let's just say that you
wanted to be a part of this move okay
and you wanted to be a part of it
over daily range but you know as I'm I'm
teaching in this lecture because of the
circumstances and the things that
are gerain to today being Friday last
trading day of the week unfinished
business that big pool of liquidity
above the 15-minute time
frame these price levels
here they
appear because that is the likely draw
my private students I know this sounds
terrible to say it but um I'm giving
them a nod in the lecture in the live
stream because they know that we were
looking at these levels we weren't
looking at them just yesterday for a
target for yesterday but we've been
looking at so it finally delivered this
morning but because we know that the
likelihood of a large range day is going
to form today on Friday because we had a
small inside day on Thursday meaning the
range on Thursday's daily high and low
was smaller the high was lower than
Wednesday's High and the low of Thursday
was higher than Wednesday's low so it
means it's inside the previous day range
whenever that occurs you have the
indication that there's going to be a
large range explosive large range one
directional
move when it happens it's going to most
likely deliver in the basis of a low
resistance liquidity run condition that
means it's not going to be a lot of
fuzzy price action not going to be like
it was yesterday on
Thursday think about what Thursday
really did it created a small inside day
relative to Wednesday's daily high and
low
and because it's creating that small
range day it's not surprising to see how
it was very back and forth even though
it was tradeable and I got beat up on
the first two trades I tried the next
two fixed it because I stayed with my
narrative I didn't throw it out you know
throw the baby out with the bath water I
didn't abandon my model because I had
two losing trades in front of my
students I didn't lose my Edge they
didn't change the
algorithm all these things that you're
you're wor about I know that I have
models and a perception of a price
that's going to stick to me forever as a
Trader I'm I'm never going to abandon
them I'm never going to look at the
market any other way but I'm also a
realist because I know I'll mess it up
and I did I messed it up yesterday my
models don't fail I fail using them
because I try to do things when I've
even told you not to do don't try to
trade the morning session because
why the approach to try of forc uh
Precision in days like when we have a
large range day on Wednesday where it's
a big down day the following morning
session you want to avoid that because
it's going to evade you when it comes to
Precision but because I'm ICT and I like
to do things as to prove a point well I
prove the point that I'm human too and I
lost two times yesterday back to back
just like that and then I went and got
it all back with more
so I'm not advocating that you do that
that's the part of me that makes me not
a good Mentor because I'm willing to
break my own rules because I'm good
enough to come back from it and when
you're first starting to do this you're
going to want to do those things because
you hear me say that or if you watch me
or if my students see that oh wow you
know he had two losing trades it was a
little cringey because you're like
you're supposed to be it and you just
had two back-to-back losing positions
you know right here and what would the
internet think if it got out I'm sure
they all were running out there in their
little circle jerks like I was joking
with my career yesterday I tell him I
said they they ran out there real quick
watch this ICT lws two dreams but you'll
never hear him talk about it he wants
everybody believe he's so good he's
perfect but I come out here I told you I
told you if I have a losing trade you're
gonna see it I'll tell you about it I'm
not afraid to talk about it in fact it's
helpful it communicates the very thing
that I teach you not to do don't trade
in the morning session after a large
range day it's simple isn't it it's
simple but because they're my Concepts
because I codified them and because I'm
a little bit better than the average
bear I will I'll chance going out there
and doing it and when I'm doing it like
that and it's profitable when I'm able
to say look see I was able to do this
I'm not flexing and saying look at this
look at me I can do that without doing
that but it's me
saying don't count this as something as
a skill set for you to acquire because
it's simply me doing something where it
just happened to work in my hands at
that time it's better for me to try to
do these things in the evidence division
of see this is why I teach the way I
teach and I know this it pisses people
off when I say stuff like that but if I
only come out here and teach on days
that are just real real easy to trade
it's all one-sided wouldn't that
wouldn't that kind of communicate to you
that you you're going to always know the
days that it does that contrast that
with I teach a lot
around days and periods and conditions
that are not going to be conducive for
very very precise delivery and price
have you noticed that have you noticed
that in this in this 2024
mentorship because that's the part I
told you in my 2016 and 2017 paid
mentorship that every time that someone
joined my paid mentorship they got those
same lessons that are already on my
YouTube channel for free and they had to
go through all that core content to
understand what I just told you so that
way they don't have to go through
it but because they didn't want to be
taught in hard
conditions you if you're not really
ready to learn you're going to come to
me and say okay teach me how I need to
learn because I know how I should be
taught well if if you know how you
should be taught then you know
everything and you're not a you're the
teacher
then I'm not gonna I'm not going to
waste my time with people like that so I
always build in a a method in my
lectures where if you're that way you're
going to get bored with me or frustrated
and you're going to stop watching me and
that's exactly what I want you to do
because I don't have time for you you're
not ready to learn but for someone
that's willing to subscribe to the ideas
that it's going to take a lot more time
than you think it it's going to require
patience and you want to learn how
you're going to ruin
yourself you have to identify where
those quicksand periods are where that
that oil slick in the road is that big
pothole down the road that is going to
destroy the front end of your car okay
you you don't take your high-end sports
car and drive over top of potholes you
try to avoid everything that that's
going to cause damage so as a as a
mentor with 30 years plus experience
doing this I know where these
Troublesome areas are going to be in the
marketplace because I needed to know
that I blew a lot of counts when I was
20 i i i roasted myself continuously
back then because I was a cowboy and I
knew I had a a purpose in doing it I was
literally funding research and
development in my own hands and I was
learning a lot of things but I didn't
understand or appreciate the measure of
scar tissue that it was creating in me
so when I teach and I I lecture I teach
you these things and I tell you don't do
these things so that way you listen to
me because it's not you I'm talking to
remember that it just feels like we had
this this connection together because
I'm talking and I'm picturing my kids in
my mind I'm seeing Caleb and Cody and
Cameron and my youngest son and my
daughter and any of their children in
future that I may or may not ever meet
I'm talking to them in mind so that's
why sincerity is coming out of my mouth
I I'm speaking from my heart I want them
to learn from my mistakes I don't want
you to repeat what it is I've done
because it's it's hard it's hard to grow
outside of that that's what caused me to
take six years to figure out everything
because I actually figured it out a
little less than three and a half years
but I spent time working through stuff
trying to Tinker with things because I
thought I could make it perfect and I I
was never able to get perfect
so perfect is always going to elude you
it's always a passion of
mine but I know enough that I'm never
going to hit perfect so if you're
looking for periods where you know
understanding where you're going to hurt
yourself and if you have an educator in
anything may be trading it may be
another skill set or or hobby or
sport if they have a way
of teaching you
how you're going to hurt yourself how
you're going to find difficulties and if
you can observe that beforehand isn't
that an
advantage now contrast that with some of
you that are brand new say this is the
first time you watch the video from me
or live stream and you're like get on
with it you're not teaching anything I'm
actually literally teaching you exactly
what you need to know but you don't know
that you need to know that yet when you
get out there and you try to use my
stuff or someone else's stuff or you
follow follow somebody signals or
whatever and you start losing real
[__] money all of a sudden you're
going to be like I need someone that's
going to help me fix myself because I
can't think straight everything I'm
thinking about is toxic I'm afraid to
get into a trade I'm afraid to take
another uh losing trade if I if I follow
this guy or follow this model or if I
follow this approach or if I just trust
my own
intuition I back tested and back test
tested and then all of a sudden you you
you clam up you can't do
it it's because you don't know if that
moment you're abity to push the button
is going to be a moment of hardship
where it's going to be much more
difficult versus when it's real easy
when it's low resistance liquidity runs
I'm going to explain what that is okay
because
yesterday study intraday price action on
Thursday go through your 15-minute time
frame five 4 3 2 1 and if you have the
ability to go down to the less than one
minute candlesticks do that and you'll
see a lot of back and forth back and
forth the overlapping of the range is
once it creates a run it comes right
back over top of
it that is high resistance liquidity run
conditions that means that you're going
to get chewed up spat out you're going
to either blow your account blow your
combine go into severe draw down or Full
Tilt and be afraid to do anything the
rest of the day and because that
happened to you yesterday you're going
to be fearful of taking the trades wi
it's like it is today when it was low
resistance liquidity run where you don't
have a whole lot of give and taken back
and forth It's just find me a PD array
get in it
Go Gone Gone in 30 seconds okay so uh
what I defined in here and I'll kind of
walk you through this this is pre-market
pre pression if you look at the high
here there that high is this rotation
and then start to move all the way back
down
into this area in here so what I
identified as the bodies of the first
High here and this was like a stop hunt
so I ignore that so I'm looking at this
reference point here as the low and it
comes back down and hits it here so
pre-market pre-market that means before
9:30 is opening
bell
8 or 10 minutes after 8 okay you're in a
macro so what's going to do it's going
to spool trading all the way back down
booking price down to the low over
here if we can Define that range okay
once we have that we can calibrate that
to whatever the high and the low is at
the time once it retraces back down to a
Discounter rate and starts to move
higher what is it doing right there on
that price run it
cleared this
high if you're really really bullish you
can use this short-term High here that's
to shift the market
structure but here this really Nails the
the deal and says okay we've had two
periods or two points of reference where
Market traded above a short-term high
and then it gravitates right back down
into border
Block B S
efficiency range high range low with
those two reference points and we're
bullish and we're expecting a large
range day and we're expecting that there
most likely not going to see if we have
a large opening range Gap we're not
going to see what
much if at all of a retracement into the
opening range Gap because it's going to
be go go go it's Friday doesn't have a
lot of time it's got to run aggressively
for that buy side liquidity in the
600s so because all those factors coming
together like a perfect storm it's
beneficial for you to try to start
looking for setups before
9:30 I get questions all the time what
made you want to trade before 9:30 you
teach Silver Bullet I thought we're
supposed to be trading Silver Bullet I
thought we have to wait till 10:00
that's you if you're going to use that
model you have to wait till then but
there's always silver bullets every hour
there's a silver bullet you talking
about I taught this but if I give you a
model to start with I'm not saying that
that's all I'm going to do I'm educating
I'm giving you a plethora of different
ways to do this there's more than one
way to skin a cat and there's lots of
ways to use my Concepts
and that's wonderful for you as a
student because that means that I don't
have to press you into a mold which is
what the silver bull is at 10 o'cl
that's me pushing my son Cameron into a
mold this is the time you have to trade
this is the only thing you're going to
be able to do you cannot do anything
else but this this because it forces him
to start
somewhere because he's my son I have
authority over him as his dad even
though he's old enough make his own
decision he's outside the home now but
because he has that respect and that
fathership role I have over him
I'm I'm tapping into that to kind of
like say look yeah I'm your dad but I'm
also in this capacity I'm your teacher
I'm your Mentor so I'm going to reduce
your focus to this because that will
give you a baseline you have to start
somewhere you got to get some kind of
Baseline
experience and it it goes back to when
people come to my YouTube channel where
do I start pick something you can't go
wrong but you have to have some kind of
Baseline
Foundation Because unless you start
somewhere and there is no perfect really
there is no perfect starting point but
now because we've done this mentorship
in 2024 because I've been doing it over
live price action and doing you know
things showing you what the Market's
going to do pushing the button go back
and look listen to the lectures and
you'll see me do it the whole idea of
looking
for this repeating phenomenon is not
enough it's identifying where you're
going to wreck yourself
that's why
99.9999999% of Educators out there they
don't touch this topic because they
don't [__] know they don't know every
day is a trading day until you get your
ass handed to yourself and you don't
talk about those days you won't show
your funded account stuff then you'll
just pretend it never
happened but when it's working your
favor then you'll broadcast that stuff
and that to me is little bit of a
disingenuous uh motive because I am a
realist I am a realist as I
teach I teach through a demo account
paper trading because I'm not licensed
to give Financial advice but I am not a
demo Trader in the real
world I have to do things to comply
legally in the United States a lot of
you yahoos out there whether you're
doing it in United States as an American
or outside this uh this country
in the states there are governing bodies
that will absolutely grab you by the
lapels and say come here son and make
your life hard make you pay fines that
you probably can't afford maybe even
jail time and despar you from having any
ability to trade in the marketplace that
can happen there consequences so because
I don't want that I don't want that
problem okay I don't need that trouble
okay I do
things and even though you may not like
it it may oh you're supposed to be is
let me as much as I love teaching all of
you I don't love you all that much to
risk that kind of stuff for my personal
life I have a lot to lose so you can all
laugh and say oh it's the demo ball I I
called myself that I do that for my own
legal
protection but it doesn't change the
fact that the things I'm talking about
over live price data either it works or
it doesn't period if it doesn't work
then you know right away there's no no
no further necessity for you to spend
any more time with me but you keep
coming back here because you see it
working so because we have Friday having
a large range day likely and the
direction was given to you because we're
focusing on buy side liquidity given to
you on Thursday's
tweets Friday's going to start right out
the gate real quick real
fast so we may not get a return back in
the opening range yeah at
all so that means trading pre-market
okay whenever I think that the
Market's likely to create a a a very
large range day or if it's so one-sided
directionally there there's the two
there's the two caveats to it I will
many times elect to trade pre-market
before 9:30 and not do anything as
entries at all after the opening bell
because I'm already
positioned before the before the 930
belt even uh
starts I'm in there usually between 7
o'clock and 9 o'clock something in there
I'm positioned and I'm holding I
probably have had multiple partials and
I'm waiting to see the continuation and
expansion through and blowoff move that
occurs during the opening bell in the
opening range of 9:30 to 10 o'clock and
then if 10 o'clock affords me a silver
bullet that would allow me to
do a longer term hold and convinces me
that I should go through the entire
lunch session and then see if I can
pyramid during the lunch macro where it
retraces goes down into liquidity I can
add to that or if I've taken partials
off I can add them back plus more
because I have unrealized profit behind
me still because I've entered so early
in the day before
9:30 it it just gives you a whole
different perspective on what we're
deing with the daily range it's not
defined just because it 9:30 it opens up
and there's a gap there's a whole lot of
other things going on before 9:30
opening bell but not every session
before 9:30 should be
traded not every one of them should be
like that there's going to be a lot of
times where the market doesn't do much
at all
pre-market and then at 9:30 everything
comes Al and everything is very easy to
trade but because all the things I
talked about in this lecture this
morning coming together and coalescing
in in one day in one session very
limited time because the weeks getting
ready to close just a real big pool of
liquidity above us and the split
delivery on the economic calendar we
have 8:30 and 10 o'clock
news and we were already likely to have
a large range gap opening so don't look
for that opening range Gap to fill wait
for it to just rip and run to its
unfinished business where the smooth
areas are on their chart so if we can
Define this range from the high down to
that low as I mentioned the moment
before I went on to my rant we can then
look at the raing aspects so again this
is for the folks that
say if I if I post something on Twitter
or if I post a video on YouTube you
don't see my comments okay um I I have
them set to review because there's a lot
of people posting some weird stuff about
I don't even I can't remember what it is
but it's always like I'm so thankful
that you talked about some ai14
something something whatever it's
probably some kind of crypto I don't
even know what it is but when one person
posts or a bot posts on that there's
like 80 different responses to that kind
of like promoting whatever that garbage
is so if it ain't that you know I got
one or two people come in there I'm a
scammer I'm a fraud but the rest is like
I'm thank you thank you for sharing all
that stuff and it's just it it just it
would look like I'm paying for that
stuff and I'm certainly not paying for
Bots to leave comments okay you should
use my comment section on my YouTube
channel as your own little study
reference point because the comments
that you leave you can write down in
comments certain minute markers and say
this is where I talked about you know
order blocks or when order blocks aren't
likely to work it allows you to have
like a scrapbook or a note taking aspect
because you're the only one can see I
can see your notes but no one else can
see that and it doesn't clutter out you
don't have to sort through all the
comments to find your bookmark where you
walk watch the video up to the certain
minute Mark like you you're wasting your
time you know when you don't use that
right that resource because every one of
my videos has that ability for you but
the
uh TR thought oh the question always
comes up with you know why'd you pick
that fair value
got now some of you are thinking yeah
that's the question I've been wanting
you never you never answer
me when I'm picking specific fair value
gaps or if I'm picking uh order blocks
or if I'm looking for any specific PD uh
it's it's not simply because it's a down
closed candle makes it an overlock it's
not simply because there's a separation
by one candle defining an
exposed single delivery or fair value
Gap that makes it a tradable fair value
gap for me and and this is not going to
be en encompassing the entire aspects or
the complete treatment to a fair value
Gap but it's certainly going to divide
the waters because there's a lot of
people out there that are teaching fair
value Gap and they don't know what
they're talking about and I want you to
take notes here because you're hurting
your students when you don't know this
and you're also messing up the
consistency that my Concepts have
because when people watch your [__] and
you're not crediting me you're not
taking the attention back to my channel
where they can further learn I don't
mind that you're demonstrating it in
your own uh YouTube channel I don't care
you're doing that go do that it's
wonderful I love watching my students do
that but when someone steps out and they
pretend they're going to be the mentor
with them you need to sit down and I
mean that like you don't know what the
[__] you're doing and you're literally
scamming people and defrauding them if
you're getting paid to do it because I'm
telling everybody there ain't one person
out there teaching my Concepts that's
doing it right and the story pen that's
it that's
it you're looking for fair value gaps
that match this okay if you're looking
at a mentor pseudo Mentor okay a faux
professional okay the uh fake
professionals out
there if they're defining anything
outside of this right away you already
know that they don't know what they're
talking about and go watch their old
videos and you'll see them Doing It
Wrong based on this information okay and
that's why their [__] didn't work then
when you have a dealing range and we
Define that from this high here and it's
dropping down back to a PD over here
this was a stop run so we we nixed this
we don't even pay attention to this
Candlestick all that was is a little
bump take that high and then price went
lower take that off I was supposed to do
that yet it drops back down to a
discount I'm looking at this High here
and the bodies because this Wick is just
like this one it's doing damage I'm
going to go back to the bodies here and
I showed you by drawing that out in time
that's the return to it here and then we
have a shift of Market structure you can
Define it with with this High here and
there's nothing wrong with that in this
case because we are expecting what a
large range day to deliver today on
Friday because Thursday was this inside
day using this one it qualifies it even
further because when it trades above
this one it's one candle and then the
next candle trades above that high so it
shifts Market structure
bullish so any retracement back down
into this inefficiency here should be
viewed as what a discount
array now
because this high is the highest high in
this retracement in a market that's
bullish we can grade that price
swing this is not quarters Theory it's
not quarterly Theory and none of that
stuff okay this is grading a price swing
I do this with actual dealing ranges as
you see here and I also do this in price
runs where I either expect to enter or
when I actually enter the trade and then
where my target is I know by doing what
I'm about to show you here and you seen
me do this before but if it's the first
time I'm kind of give you a preamble of
why it's important what's its usefulness
to it I can
predict where my future PD arrays are
going to
form now this is something that I can
transfer to you but I already know where
fair value have to run to form before
the dealing range even forms and I know
that's hard to believe but that's that's
that's the super power IC has so and I
know that's going to cause a lot of
stack and people are going to put sound
bites about this is where he said yep
and you're going to talk about me and
people going to come to the channel and
they're going to learn that's how it
works so here's your dealing range okay
and equilibrium is the halfway point
right
here so ideally your best
entries
lowest risk highest yield in terms of R
multiples is going to be entered on a
long at or below this
line
pyramiding has to be limited to this
price level
here now is that ambiguous is there a
lot of moving parts to that nope it's
very simple
straightforward now how can we use this
information to pick the right fair value
gaps how can we use this information to
pick the right order
blocks oh man you're have to come back
on Monday for me to get to that I'm just
kidding you were pissed off for a second
oh
no I love my
job here we have the upper and lower
quadrants okay this is when you want to
take a picture you can see that these
are my quadrant levels optimal trade
entry level here this when I need to
pull up the OT I just changed the
0.75 to
0.725 or
0.79 because I round it I don't do the
78% or do 79% and then the rest are
these are over here these are extensions
that they're not going to be taught to
you until they're in the book format
it's using the opening range Gap and
standard deviations so it kind of picks
the high and L the day and I know that's
a little hanger for you too but what
we're seeing here is the quadrant that
is grading this dealing range from the
high down to that low now think about it
yesterday I took your attention and told
you to start focusing on the relative
equal highs where everything was left
smooth in the
marketplace that's our bias is bullish
so that means we're going to be looking
for draws on liquidity for buy side
we're not interested in shorts so that
means you're going to look for bullish
order blocks it means you're going to
look for bullish Breakers it means
you're going to look for bullish fair
value gaps or you're going to look for
fair value gaps that were initially
characterized as what would be short
selling or premium that's going to be
broken and then treated as an inversion
fair value Gap you see how everything
changes to these are usable PD arrays
these are reference points that now you
can
suddenly build an idea or an expectation
round versus every down closed candle
should be an order Block it's not it's
not so at 8:30 the algorithm kicks in
whether there's news or not but we had
medium impact news driver this morning
so at 8 30 the market trades into our
discount array and then we wait for what
displacement we don't just go down here
start buying just because it's trading
there let the algorithm tip its hand to
you let the market say listen I'm going
to show you what I'm about to do pay
attention so the market goes above the
short-term High here what makes this
Candlestick important it's lower high
here and it's lower high here so that's
a swing high so when the market breaks
above that
that's a shift and Market
structure so we can see it as such so
that's a shift and Market structure go
back and look at model 2022 mentorship
videos and you'll see it's very similar
to that and then it displaces higher and
then we have another swing high this
candles FS high is lower than that one
and then a lower high on this one so
there's a swing High there it broke both
of them leaving what this buy balance
sell
efficiency a portion of the order block
or a portion of the fair value Gap must
listen folks listen listen listen
okay it must be at or below the quadrant
level here's your lower quadrant
level here's your fair value got is this
fair value Gap at or below the lower
quadrant yes that means that this fair
value Gap is a proper candidate to beong
when you're bullish when time 8:30
spooling at 8 at 8:30 that's the only 30
minute delineator for a
macro everything else
is 315 to 345 for the last hour trading
and then you have the uh first 10
minutes to the top of the hour and the
first 10 minutes after the top of the
hour that's every hour macro Okay so
there's your there's your little skinny
on the macros but 8:30 whether there's
news or not the algorithm will start
spooling if it doesn't start spooling
and running then you just simply wait
because it's telling you that it's
waiting for the 9:30 opening BT so what
happens if if you're anticipating
something here and just just meanders
around or goes lower do
nothing sit still and wait for 9:30
opening bell but because I built the
case around everything I'm talking about
today see we're already inside of of the
equivalent of two chapters in a book
just with this live stream just this
live stream talking about the impacts of
knowing how to use the economic calendar
knowing how to use the day of week
phenomenon understanding the the pools
of liquidity and the PDR Matrix and how
to now use that information and Define
which order block which fair value gaps
are the one I trade off of because
that's the one the algorithm is going to
use that's authorship that's
fingerprints okay by defining this with
the quadrant level here
your fair value Gap or order block which
is this down close candle right there is
that below that quadrant level
yes
yes is this fair value Gap at or less
than this quadrant level of this dealing
range
yes now Watch What Happens the market
trades down we have a little bit of a
mohawk that's fine because you have an
order block there that order
block right
here why am I using that one
why am I specifically using that
one because it has the lowest down close
in with a body so the body's projection
lower it's lower and we don't use this
Wick this is your order block right
there so half of that order block is a
mean threshold reference point it's not
consequent encroachment consequent
encroachment is gaps or inefficiencies
or Wick okay when it's a Candlestick
body in this case it's a bull order
block half of that range is mean
threshold that price is
42.75 what's the low of that
Candlestick the [__] low of
42.75 folks that's
Perfection Elliot wave wishes he [__]
knew this Sam sidon has no idea how to
[__] do that no I well maybe he does
now he's watching my videos and
stuff but there is no other school of
thought that teaches that none wov has
no [__] idea no idea he's rolling
around his grave right now wishing he
had a [__] pen and Pad right now I
wish I would have put that in my
writings then you didn't know about it
okay and everybody that uses w off they
don't have this information in there
sorry but that's perfect to the tick but
that's supposed to be buying and selling
pressure right
buying and selling pressure on the next
Candlestick right there what's the
candlestick's low
there 20,4
52.75 not one
deviation off by one tick less or
above that value perfectly delivered and
you're going to tell me you're going to
argue with me that it's buying and
selling pressure the randomness of
everybody coming together and and buying
and selling on their [__] that's
going to cause the market to stop right
there
right you know it takes more faith to
believe that than it's simply that
there's an autonomous price engine that
literally is controlling the
fluctuations in the EV and flow until
it's manually disturbed by
intervention that's what's going on and
you can argue with me all you want but
you're never going to convince the
author
you're never going to convince me and
you're never going to convince my
students have now seen it they use it
they make money with it they can predict
it they can anticipate they can see
it and some of them have communities
where they're doing it in the witness of
others continuously and you're never
going to convince them that they didn't
witness it not just once not once in a
blue moon every [__] day now find
that and anything else out there it's
not so the market does what it rallies
back up and look what it does it
delivers into this volume IM balance see
that so this volume balance it delivers
it what's it missing buy side and cells
side delivery so it lays a body up in
there so it buries a body inside that
volume of balance and then drops right
back down into
what that swing High
here rallies back up leaves the lower
quadrant trades up to
equilibrium meanders around in here and
then causes what another displacement
what is this Candlestick right there
what is that it's a fair value
Gap well ICT why didn't you use um this
one see he doesn't even use his own
logic he doesn't even use his own stuff
he's he's making it up as he goes along
why didn't he use that fair B Gap ICT
why ain't you using that because it that
fair B Gap it had a b side Bell
efficiency ain't that the thing ain't
that the
thing no cuz where's that the majority
of the body of that b bance efficiency
is what above that
quadrant oh starting to make sense now a
it so here we have what equilibrium
we're at that we're at that precipice
where if you're building a position in
all this down here pyramiding like
you've seen me do many many
times we're at that halfway point of
that de range that means you have to do
all of your business at that price range
here or less if you're going to be
pitting otherwise if you start adding up
in here or above it you're really just
tossing good money after potentially you
might see a retracement even though it's
low resistance liquidity runs meaning
that we're not getting a whole lot of
deep
retracements what's a characteristic of
low resistance liquidity runs do you
remember
do you remember what it
is down closed candles will support
price higher and in efficiencies will
leave a portion
open is that hard to
remember I've already said it before but
you probably forgot but now this is the
time when you write down your
journal every day when you first start
your day have that written down in front
of you on your
notepad High Resistance liquidity runs
are going to see a lot of give and take
back and forth in every fair value Gap
will be closed
in remember if it's spending a lot of
time in the inefficiencies what is it
doing it's telling you what we're inside
of high resistance that means it's going
to be problematic for you you're not
going to be comfortable in it it's going
to be back and forth price action don't
run your stop loss up real quick to
break even just let it move or don't
trade it's it's that's the
characteristics with it so in here we
are close proximity
to equilibrium from the dealing Range
High dealing range low we've already
accumulated down here rallied up
equilibrium retracement and then
displacement here so we are seeing this
fair value Gap dead in the middle
consequent
encroachment we can now take that also
so because it's laying inside of
equilibrium and half of that Gap is
basically overlapping that blue line
which is equilibrium of the dealing
range when you're bullish
how could you use that now you can try
to put a limit order to buy right at the
midpoint trusting that it's going to
leave the lower portion
open notice how it left this down here
open what is that it's a breakway
gap this is a tradable fair value Gap
but because the consequent encroachment
of this gap which is this
watch that's this line right here okay
it's overlapping with the equilibrium
price point or middle of the high to
that low so it's a
convergence of two factors of
equilibrium or
midpoint so this is where a
institutional orderflow entry drill
would be optimal because you would
expect what only a partial entry into
that that blue shaded area where fair
value
got trust me my charter members are
flipping out right now because they were
never taught this you're learning it
with them so this is institutional
waterflow entry
drill and just
because Watermark is not on this video
If you upload on your channel to try to
make ad revenue of it I'm going to yank
it down and put a copyright strike
against it and if it's a channel you're
already making ad Revenue off of it's
going to hurt you to don't do that you
don't have my permission so this is
institutional order entry Jill um or you
can
use the upper quadrant of this range and
that would be done like this
and you would use that price plus one
tick that that uh 462 and 3/4 plus one
tick and that would be your entry that
would that would basically give you a
very specific not a Zone entry very
specific price level that would
constitute an Institutional order for
entry
drill institutional order for entry
drill is a entry model where you're
expecting a fair value Gap to be traded
into
but not fully closed in and because
you're expecting low resistance
liquidity run conditions today because
of all the things I talked about in the
first quarter of the or first half of
this lecture today all those things
building and coalescing with the idea
that it's going to be a large range day
it's going to be explosive at the
opening any opening range Gap should not
be expected to be traded to even though
there's a 70% likelihood that half the
Gap should be repriced to in the first
30 minutes
throw that to the sidelines and expect
them to just really make a Mad Dash to
get to the liquidity that we've
outlined so low resistance liquidity run
entries in here low resistance liquidity
run entries here and then this is a gap
that is what below the upper
quadrant and this is where I would use
to see if I'm on side now you can take
that and enter right there's nothing
saying that you can't use that as a
model I'm not saying that I'm I I'd be
comfortable doing that I could do it but
because I have to have principles and
protocols and procedures to follow
because otherwise I'm left to My Flesh
and my flesh will do like it did
yesterday and put me in things that I
shouldn't be doing so when I try to
fancy dance and finesse my own stuff and
try to you know let my own experience
dictate what I should do versus the
process the protocol the model the rules
stay on the right side of the road don't
cross the yellow line Michael well if
you're listening to me you're trading
ends on the entries here or
less anything above it you're just using
it for management
purposes so when this fair value Gap
forms this is a valid fair value Gap but
it should not fully close in why because
we're in low resistance to Cod run
conditions we're in a early session of a
potential large range day that's bullish
and we're at the quadrant upper quadrant
and less see that so what that creating
here this candle sticks low that's an
Institutional orow entry drill that's an
Institutional ORF entry drill that's an
Institutional ORF entry drill leaving
what portion of the range open that is
telling you continuous feedback that yes
down Clos candles consecutively that's
an order block draw that out in time
hits it does it support price yes in and
up buy itself
nope half of this Gap at equilibrium and
an order block
this portion should stay open it should
not trade back down to this one because
that's a breakaway
Gap all those things are signatures and
characteristic of low resistance
liquidity run folks there's nobody else
that's taught that stuff and that's the
stuff that I didn't know that I needed
to know because when I trade in these
environments it's
Flawless that's why when you watch my
executions you're like what in the hell
and you see my stop losses and they're
Ultra Ultra tight and I'm sitting
comfortably and they're getting real
close to it I'm not worried about it
I'll add right there I just shared it
with the other day I added right into it
when it was getting close to my stop
loss more because I know your jaws would
hit the
floor and then all the comments that
came behind that trade what in the hell
yeah because I'm using what I'm showing
you right here when you enter in here
your stop loss can be just below this
candlestick's High because it's not
going to go down the lower bottom that
uh that fair value guy
because we're in low resistance
liquidity runs the algorithm is
controlling this so if you know what the
mechanism is going to be when it is
seeing these things based on defining
your your dealing range knowing where
equilibrium is if you're bullish you're
buying at it below it and every Fair Val
you got or in this case order block
isn't this an order block down closed
candle down closed candle two
consecutive down closed candles that's
all one range it's doing what it's
delivering price lower
does that down closed candle support
price going higher when it comes back
down to it here
yes then price goes where
higher down closed candles here one two
three and then it creates that final
institutional order entry drill like it
did here in this range here going right
below the high of the fair value
G same thing here this candle sticks low
that's the high of this blue shaded area
or everybody got so it's trading back
down into
that but isn't that
also reaching
into
thought the order block supporting price
right when we're we're seeing price
trade down into it this Candlestick here
isn't that an order
block and then a down closed candle when
price is moving
higher inside that candlestick's range
it's trading down until it's rare that
it does this but sometimes it will it'll
trade to the low of the Candlestick I
don't like that I would never enter on a
trade like that I want to see half of a
bullish order block the meain threshold
or higher to its high I want to see
price use that that that portion of it
to trade down into and then repel price
away when you're looking for dois or
tails beneath the Candlestick like we're
saying here in here those are forming
inside order blocks or inside fair value
gaps when the order flow is bullish you
can anticipate these things
forming that's why when you look at my
entries I'm always entering on the very
lowest candle or the one candle before
or the one candle after the lowest
candle when I'm bullish don't take my
word for it go back and look at every
example I've showed when I'm executing
with live data no Market
replay I'm using what I'm teaching you
right here now the market then leaves
this range and breaks above the dealing
range here and then we're going into
what going into that 9 o'cl hour and we
trade up into new week opening
Gap here
um I said something that would have
been too crude not in the sense it would
have been vulgar but I I
was always mention someone's name but
they're probably watching and they know
I mentioned this price level um
20495 I mentioned that yesterday that
was my Target and it hit there I
prompted them when it when it hit too by
the way um we traded up to just short of
consequent encroach of new week opening
Gap now this is current new week opening
Gap notice I don't have a thousand
different new week opening gaps I don't
have every new day opening gap on my
chart some of you are leaving comments
saying that I am so confused I have all
these lines in my chart because you're
trying to put
everything that's in the kitchen sink in
front of you I don't do
that all you need sincerely all you need
is a draw on liquidity that might be a
session high that means like a morning
session or a morning I'm sorry a PM
session from the previous day a London
session high or low an Asian session
high or low wherever you think the
Market's going to gravitate to for the
purpose of of tapping in and engaging
liquidity where is it Smo where is there
a single high because it does it isn't
always relative equal highs and relative
equal lows that's just the easy things
that a new student I've learned that
it's it's very easy for them to spot
that just like a fair B Gap you can you
can see there's gaps but you just don't
know now you know how I formulated an
idea around the fair B Gap that I want
to trade on just because it's a gap
doesn't mean that's the one I'm Trading
and that's why these yahoos out there
will say oh there's it's running through
the fair bag guy because you're a
[__] idiot you don't know what you're
talking about you're listening to other
people that ripped me off and they end
they running mentorships teaching people
for pay uh monthly fees when they don't
let themselves know what the hell
they're doing they have no idea what
they're doing but watch and see how this
all Finds Its way into their mentorships
now watch and see and you still don't
have the half of
it that's what the books are for Twist
the knife ICT Twisted every so slowly so
here is the consequent corion of the new
week opening Gap now again the new week
opening Gap is the difference between
459 closing price on Friday Eastern
Standard Time to 600 PM Sunday Eastern
times opening price and then the
difference between those two price
points the halfway point is this little
dotted line right here which is
consequent encroachment so we see it
fail to get to it initially here and
then it drops down outside of the new
week opening G does that mean going to
lower no then the market rallies back up
and trades to the high the new week
opening Gap and then now what do you
want what do you want to see happen well
remember we have all that liquidity up
in the 600s we still have some range to
go we're in the 400 still the market DRS
back down to some
random level some absolutely random
level some
Rando stops dead in its tracks and
starts delivering price
higher and
then ahead of 9:30 they run against
those individuals that are on
side and all this movement here even the
model 2022 guys ICT stuff oh this is a
classic ICT model 22 we have a shift in
Market structure there's a fair value
Gap right there it draes all the way
back up to a premium and then it's also
optimal trade entry and look at this
it's selling off yeah look at that
beautiful if you didn't take a partial
your ass is hand it to you
it's just being delivered back to what
price
level consequent
encroachment consequent
encroachment consequent encroachment and
then at 9:30 all hell breaks
loose boom manual
intervention yes because the hand says
we're not letting those buy stops off
the hook rip and run you see this
delivery
stopping dead in a track on here if you
never would have been taught to the new
week opening
guy settle down I didn't invent a gap
opening on Sunday I didn't invent
that I codified the concept of using
that Gap we're on [__] Friday folks
that was on Sunday it's been trading
around up down through and all that
stuff but the time it's using those
levels with the narrative that it's
likely to go higher because the bias is
bullish because it's an election year
and we're not trying to pick the top in
a primary bull market when you have
these things come together you have blue
ribbon results you have twoo good to be
true type results that's what I'm
showing you examples on I show you
examples when I know everything that I
teach you is in my favor if I try to
trade every fair value G just because
there's three candles in the chart and
one of them single passes through
between the two and I use that as the
entry model for going long or short
without a bias without the right time of
day if I'm doing ahead of an economic
calendar event that's going to probably
be used as a smok screen to move price
around am I gonna be successful with
that [__] no I'm not gonna be successful
with that no way nobody would but
because you're a goober and you're
trying to learn how in five minutes and
you're listening to other people don't
know what the [__] they're talking about
either you come here with the
preconceived notion that it should be
perfect and it should be taught to you
in one Fell Swoop in a FIV minute
trainer and there it is and there's too
many facets to the market
they're too complex for you to have a
one rule set based model where this is
all you need to worry about that's not
that's not realistic folks you have to
have a draw on liquidity you define that
by uh liquidity above or below session
highs and session lows that means Asian
session PM session in New York am
session in New York the lunch hour in
New York that's 11:30 the 130 what's the
highest high and the lowest low between
those two reference points that's what
the lunch macro is going to identify and
attack then you have the pre market
between 7:00 and 9:00 what's the session
high and low of that then you have the
London session then you have Asian
session how many opportunities is that
all in of itself just for drawing
liquidity that's a lot you're never
running short on opportunities but the
opportunities to reach that liquidity
does it really match with what the
economic counter is affording you does
it give you you I just looked at the
time I'm
going oops good thing I'm not getting
paid hourly huh the boss would be pissed
off you're working too much overtime ICT
go about to find your ass a pig slip get
the [__] up on out of here gon find
somebody cheaper you ain't gonna find
nobody better baby so the rundown into
consequent encroachment ripping higher
is all part
of this larger range delivery that has
been encapsulated around Thursday Crea
an inside day so there's a compression
and then we know there's a large range
expansion on Friday likely to happen and
you want to be pre-market entry and then
let it go and then it trades up into the
pools of liquidity that we were looking
for here gated around came back down
into a pool liquidity here relative
equal lows you see that trades lower
lower rips makes a higher high and now
we're just consolidating around it and
then we had this [__] messing up I
thought that was a big drop when I had
my Dr
depiction of a daily range did you think
that U dropped on your on your chart did
you quickly look where the hell that
come
from thought you missed something too
I'm looking at a laptop so I don't have
all my other charts and trying to be
littleit look how it's just meaning
around that's what I'm saying if earlier
in the beginning of the session when we
were trading up here I said you would be
done if you're a morning session Trader
if you're a day trader you'd be done if
you're a position Trader a swing Trader
you'd have 80% of your position off and
then see see if it wants to continue
going into the afternoon session it may
it may not but at this point if you
haven't banked 80% of your
run that you know you're you you're
doing it wrong okay
um take that
off take that
off off
and that's how
uh you
use pre-market session when you're
anticipating a large range day how do
you anticipate a large range Day by
looking at the last three trading days
getting the average of the last three
trading days and if you are closing
today less than that average daily range
that means that you are in a small range
day it's mathematically defined finding
something that is very simple now it's
extremely sensitive so I don't mind that
because I have a little bit better
perception on where the Market's going
to go and like bias I know what I'm
looking for each day I'm trying to go in
here and look for it but if you want to
break it down to five days average daily
range and if you start creating daily
ranges that are less than the last five
days uh you are in close proximity to a
large range expansion day and large
large range expansion days are
90% High Resistance I'm sorry I'm sorry
I said it wrong 90% lowow resistance
liquidity run so a small range or that
is that it's not a big explosive large
range day on a daily Candlestick if it's
not a large day then you're probably
going to be met with high resistance
liquidity runs not all the time but 90%
of the time large range days are low
resistance that means there very little
give back and you can see it here it's
just like Off to the Races it goes and
it's just like go go go go
go another characteristic when you're
trying to trade in low resistance
liquidity runs don't be in such a rush
to take partials
off manage those days by your stop loss
don't be in a hurry to just pay yourself
because you're going to be like a deer
in headlights you're GNA be scared
because it's going to be running in your
favor so fast it's scary if you've never
made big money if youve never been a
trade which we we're just ripping and
taking off and moving hundreds not 10
handles not 20 handles not 30 handles
not 50 hundreds of handles and and very
short
time it's going to be very intimidating
for you so if you know that you're in a
low resistance liquidity run days move
your stop to a reasonable level where
you can just take a break and walk away
from it have your limit orders in to it
hit your targets you're you're done but
walk away from it go do something take a
walk go work out for 20 30 minutes and
then come back and you'll be rewarded
for having been in it a little bit
longer and you won't be watching on a in
this case a 15-second chart every little
fluctuation and minor movement it's
going to scare you out of the trade it's
going to make you feel like you know
every little possible retracement is the
top of the marketplace and without
having an idea where the Market's
gravitating to by having that that
reference point so there's
liquidity remember on the 15 time
frame that's these highs here
that's
[Music]
smooth right
here High lower high lower high this is
a prime candidate for run on liquidity
and you've been trained to look for that
in price action and look how this
quickly ran right to
it that's not
random but that speed that element of
speed is because of the day of the week
phenomenon they don't have a whole lot
of time they only have today
until 5:00 p.m eastern time are they
going to wait until the afternoon to get
to there no they want to be done they
don't want people to sit there and think
oh maybe I should swear my positions
going in the weekend because there might
be something that happens in the Middle
East and I wake up to Gap risk on Sunday
they don't want that so they intervene
manually and boom you get that doesn't
this look like
fomc look how fast that ran like that
that's not algorithmic that's
intervention that's what that is is okay
so there's a lot of things that you have
to learn before you start going out
there trying to make money there's a lot
of things you have to learn that's going
to prevent you from making said money
and as a teacher as an educator that has
Real World experience I've made money
and I've lost money and I'm telling you
losing money sucks it sucks and I have
learned lessons that no other author no
other teacher educator and I bought
thousands and thousands and thousand of
[__] and none of them ever scratched the
itch they never gave me the things and
the tools and the mindset to say okay I
know how to buy into a bullish Market
you all know how to do that you know how
to shorten in a bearish market you know
how to do that but how do you manage
your stop loss
appropriately nobody [__] writes
books on that nobody knows how to do
that they just say Okay Trail below the
next swing High when you're bearish I'm
sorry uh scale your risk
and reduce it by moving your stop loss
to the lower swing High when you're
bearish and keep trailing it down if you
do that in high resistance liquidity
runs you're getting stopped
out if
you relax and don't do that in low
resistance liquidity runs you're not
going to get stopped out prematurely
because the Market's going to be allowed
to move around a little bit and it's
less likely it's going to move to those
levels anyway how many lows did you see
get retraced going in
here 15minute time frame 5 minute time
frame one minute time frame I mean [__]
look it stopped dead in its tracks at
consequent encroachment
twice here and here it didn't take cell
side it's not interested in that it's
aiming for what these suckers up here
they're pissed off right now I wish I
would have took my profits on
Wednesday I wish I would have got out of
my shorts on
Wednesday Goldman sucks is like what the
hell this guy did it again all right
anyway um I would love honestly love to
talk to you some more uh but it's Friday
and now my landscapers are here too so
they're they're competing with me and
they're they're distracting me and they
get closer and closer to my pool they're
going to be louder and that's going to
be in my head as I do it and I've
already given you much much more than I
intended to do today so we're going into
the weekend uh
if you have not if you're in the United
States if you have not prepared to vote
go and and vote this year I've never
voted before I've never voted before I'm
not going to tell you who to vote for
but you should be voting this year you
should do it um if anything you just
uh just participate in it regards to who
you're who you're voting for I I'm never
going to tell you who to vote for I can
tell you who I'm not voting for and um
that would seem like influencing you so
I'm not going to do that but um as we
get closer to the
election we're probably going to see a
lot of volatility and if you've never
studied price action on Election
night that is a wild day in the evening
time it it creates this really wild
Spike up and down they clear the board I
think it's going to be
exaggerated this year uh I think it's
going to be an auration not just simply
on Election Day I think it'll go like
that for a few days and if they don't
have the results which if you've been
paying attention they're already
building a narrative to expect that they
won't know for weeks and if you remember
back when uh Gore and Bush uh presidency
was done uh it took weeks for them to
come out and finally say that uh it was
um give tone so
Bush was identified as the the winner
that time and everybody was waiting on
on B breath to figure out who was the
the winner of the presidency there's a
whole lot to expect in terms of Tom
Foolery a lot of emotional uh response
to who may or may not be the winner uh
we may not know for a while and that's
going to cause a lot of contention a lot
of stress and it's going to cause a lot
of perceptions about risk to be skewed
so what does that mean that means we're
probably gonna see a lot of volatility
and my advice to you is what I told my
private mentorship students gear down in
your
leverage if anybody's telling you trade
big right now they're an absolute
[__] [__] okay you don't know I
don't know nobody [__] knows what
this what we're going to see in a couple
weeks but I know it's going to be a [__]
storm and I know that that means that
risk is going to go through the roof
and instead of trading 15 contracts 25
contracts I'm trading
one just
one
because I'm good I'm real [__] good
but I'm no good in a market where
they're just going to go in there and
mop the floor with
everybody and I expect that I expect
them to do that okay so there is a
perfect stage being presented over the
next couple weeks where the level of
manual intervention is going to be
astronomical I hope I'm wrong I hope I'm
wrong and I hope it's smooth trading
it's just lots of really good low
resistant liquidity run and less High
resistant liquidity run conditions I
want that I do want that but it would be
disingenuous of me as a quote unquote
educator and Mentor with your well-being
in my mind and aim for me not to remind
you that you should dial back your
risk what happens okay what happens if
you make a lot of money and you're
overleveraged you're not going to stop
there you're going to take another trade
do the same thing and you may not get
the same results and it may be worse and
it may end you you may may not be able
to to to refund or purchase new accounts
you may not be able to do that or you
get scared because you've done
that contrast that with listening to the
old man okay if you just take one
contract or trade in
micros this is not a once-in- a-lifetime
opportunity it's going to seem like that
everybody's gonna sell it like that
because they're gambling when
everybody's flying to Las Vegas and
they're thinking I'm gon to take this
couple thousand dollars and it's a Once
a-lifetime chance I I feel like I'm
lucky this time I'm gonna I'm gonna make
a $100,000 I'm gonna pick the right slot
machine I'm gonna play black jock and
black Amon and there it is the
roulette's going to bless me I'm G to go
home with six figures I I just know it
and you're driving home or flying home
busted disgusted and just pissed off you
never even went
there it's easy to to to sell your ideas
to yourself and think what if it does
this in my favor I'm just trying to be a
voice of reason and you can hate me for
it I don't care laugh at me if it's easy
trading I don't care you don't know it's
going to be like that so risking with
big leverage over the next couple weeks
I honestly until the end of the year if
you're trading you know elevated
Leverage
you're a gambler and I don't give a [__]
who you are where you came from how much
money you made how long you've been
doing it if you're pushing leverage in
this environment you're an absolute
definition of a [__] loser Gambler
and if you make money I'm not impressed
by that I am not impressed by that
there's a lot of people that win the
[__] Lottery they had no skill
there's a lot of people that went to
that casino and there was no skill in
them doing that now poker I'll admit
that that takes a little bit of skill
but pulling a [__] slot machine down
that is no skill none pushing a button
and waiting for things to spin around
there's no skill in that but everybody
that comes into the marketplace and they
think they're just going to over
leverage and get these big big moves and
not have any hardship coming up in the
next couple
weeks just listen to me
okay your career is not encapsulated in
the next couple weeks but you can end it
in the next couple weeks I'm not saying
you'll never make more money to put into
another account or afford to pay for
funded accounts but you're going to end
the visibility of what you believe in
yourself by Wrecking yourself the
Lasting Impressions of damage that's
caused by overleveraging and conditions
that we're about to experience you can't
you can't fully appreciate that I have
lots of that stuff from the 90s in me
still and you don't have the 30 years
experience that I have so how do you
think it's going to affect you as a new
Trader or a relatively new Trader it's
going to be much more impactful
adversely it's not going to help you
it's it's going to make it harder for
you to execute because you're going to
be now thinking about
fear when fear shouldn't be any factor
in your trading respect the risk but not
fear it so have yourself a very pleasant
weekend be safe and Lord willing I'll be
back again on Monday if you found this
insightful if you if you learn something
from this uh give the live stream a
thumbs up I promise it doesn't make me
any more money it just lets me know that
you you received something that helped
you and that's all it really means to me
if or not it doesn't matter I'm still G
to make more videos until I talk to you
then be safe